# Contacting ~ajhalili2006

=> gemini://gemini.andreijiroh.eu.org/contact.gmi Viewing from mirror?

There are so many ways you can contact Andrei Jiroh, but please respect his boundaries, time and mental health.

## Rules of communication

_Last updated: 2023-07-16_

=> https://t.me/ajhalili2006_bio/4 Originally at @ajhalili2006_bio on Telegram, along with some changes since then. I'll revamp this pretty soon.

=> https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-author-speaks/201909/don-t-be-dick TL;DR: Don't be a dick. The rest are to cover "whataboutism" from every edge case I could cover.
=> <https://community.hachyderm.io/docs/rule-explainer/#dont-be-a-dick> See also explainer from the Hachyderm team

- Check my user manual and FAQs before contacting via DMs.
=> /user-manual/index.gmi See personal user manual
=> /faq.gmi See FAQs about me
- For sensitive manners (like reporting security related issues), use Keybase, Session or Matrix (make sure to enable EE2E when initiating an one-to-one chat with me). If you want to connect through Session, I’ll provide my public ID when needed.
- No crypto nonsense (even I use mirror.xyz and some other dapps), self promo hellscape, doxxing, death/swatting threats or calls to violence towards me or anybody.
- Don’t dare even send me NSFW/CACP.
- Future employers and recruiters: Please contact via email or LinkedIn only.
- I WILL NOT RESPOND FROM ANYBODY ON FACEBOOK MESSENGER. This applies to both my main and alternative personal profiles,
unless you're either know me IRL or for official business at school and work and your org policies does only allow
communications on Facebook Messenger/WhatsApp.

----------

Made with love by Andrei Jiroh Halili (@ajhalili2006)
=> https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ Copyright 2023. Some rights reserved under CC BY-SA 4.0.

=> https://mau.dev/ajhalili2006/tildeverse-web/-/blob/main/gmi/contact.gmi View sources on GitLab